Overview of OOPS
Object Oriented Programming
Here object means real word entity like car, bike, ATM etc.
Goal of OOPS: Increase flexibility and manitainability of programs

// TODO: Complete this 
Procedural programming vs. OOPS

Object and Classes

-> Class
Class: blueprint of an object(template)
Class = procedures(methods) + properties(attributes)
A class is required to create an object
A class can create any no. of objects

Object: instance of a class
- object: dog. Properties: age, breeed, color. Behaviours: bark, sleep, eat
- object: car. Properties: color, type, brand. Behavious: applyBreeaks, Drive, IncreaseSpeed
  Creating a new object: User ankit = new User();
  new: Keyword used to allocate memory for the object.


Pillar of OOPS

* Inheritance:
  Concept:
- A mechanism where a new class (subclass or derived class) inherits properties (fields) and behaviors (methods) from an existing class (superclass or base class). 
- This supports code reuse and establishes an "IS-A" relationship (e.g., a Dog IS-A Animal)

* Polymorphism:
  Concept:
- Many forms. Allows objects of different classes to be treated as objects of a common superclass. 
- It enables performing a single action in different ways depending on the object's actual type.
a) Compile-time Polymorphism (Method Overloading): 
      Defining multiple methods in the same class with the same name but different parameters (different number, type, or order of parameters). 
      The compiler determines which method to call based on the method signature at compile time. Also known as static binding.
b) Runtime Polymorphism (Method Overriding): 
      A subclass provides a specific implementation for a method that is already defined in its superclass. 
      The method to be executed is determined at runtime based on the actual object type, not the reference type. 
      Requires inheritance. Also known as dynamic binding or dynamic method dispatch.   


1st pillar of OOPS - Data Abstraction
It hides the internal implementation and shows only essential functionality to the user
It can be achieved through interface and abstract classes
Car: we are only shown the breakPedal, and if we press it, car's speed will reduce, but HOW
Phone: how call is made is abstracted to user
Advantages: Increases security and confidentiality

Relationship
- is-a relationship
- has-a relationship


TODO: Access Modifiers
public
private
protected
default

TODO: Imports and exports in Java
TODO: static